Added RFC-0190 Mempool (#229)
tari-project/tari: RFC/src/RFC-0190_Mempool.md

either attempt to spend UTXOs with time-locks or the transactions themselves have time-locks limiting them from 
being included in new blocks until a specified future time or block height has been reached. 
- Orphan Pool: out of order unconfirmed transactions are managed by this pool, these transactions attempt to spend 
non-existent UTXOs.
- Reorg Pool: stores a backup of all transactions that have recently been included into blocks, in case a blockchain 
reorganization occurs and these transactions have to be restored to the Transaction Pool so that they can be included 
in future blocks.

### Prioritizing Unconfirmed Transactions

The maximum storage capacity used for storing unconfirmed transactions by the Mempool and each of its component pools 
can be configured. If a new transaction is received and the storage capacity limits have been reached, then 
transactions are prioritized according to the transaction priority metric. The transaction priority metric consist 
of the fees and the maturity of the UTXOs being spent by the transaction and should be applied to determine the priority 

> of each transaction in the Mempool. As the allocated storage space of the Mempool become limited only transactions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of each transaction in the Mempool. As the allocated storage space of the Mempool becomes limited, the transactions with the highest priority are kept in the pool. 
```

^ Do not commit this directly as it applies to the following line too

Author: Change applied

with the highest priority are kept in the pool. The lowest priority transactions are discarded to make room for 
higher priority incoming transactions.

The transaction priority metric has the following behavior:
 - Transactions spending UTXOs with higher block height maturity MUST be prioritized over transactions spending UTXOs 
 with lower block height maturity.

>  - Transactions with higher fees per transaction message size MUST be prioritized over lower fee transactions.

Reviewer: Should this be a `SHOULD`? It won't break anything if nodes take the lower fees, though obviously it's in their best interest to do so.

Author: Change applied

### Syncing and Updating of the Memory Pool State

On the initial startup of the Mempool, the complete state of the Mempool that consists of the Transaction Pool, Pending 
Pool, Orphan Pool and Reorg Pool can be requested and downloaded from the connected peers. A memory pool typically 
doesn't make use of persistent storage but could be configured to keep a backup of the last known state. If an existing 
Mempool state is locally available then a more efficient update process can be performed by requesting only the 
unconfirmed transactions missing from the current Mempool state. When no state is available then the entire Mempool 
state must be downloaded from the connected peers. During downloading or updating of the Mempool state, the validity 
of all transaction in the pool must be verified and the priority of each transaction must be calculated. 

Functional behavior required for sharing and updating of the Mempool state, and propagation of transactions between peers:

> - All Verified transaction MUST be propagated to neighboring peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All verified transactions MUST be propagated to neighboring peers.
```

Author: Change applied

- Duplicate transactions MUST NOT be propagated to peers.
- Unvalidated or invalid transactions MUST NOT be propagated to peers.
- Verified transactions that were discarded due to low priority levels MUST be propagated to peers.
- The Mempool MUST have an interface that can be used by neighboring peers to query the content and state of the memory 
pool.
- It MUST have a mechanism that enables peers to download the memory pool state in full or in part.
- It MUST accept all transactions received from peers but MAY decide to discard low priority transactions.

> - It MUST allow Wallets to track incoming payments by monitoring new transaction that has been added to the Mempool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It MUST allow wallets to track payments by monitoring that a particular transaction has been added to the Mempool.
```

Author: Change applied

- Transactions that have been used to construct new blocks MUST be removed from the Transaction Pool and added to the Reorg Pool.

### Pending Pool

The Pending Pool contains all transactions that are restricted by time-locks. A transaction could have a time-lock 
limiting it from being processed or it can attempt to spend UTXOs with time-locks. These transactions require 
their time-locks or the time-locks of the input UTXOs to expire before they can be processed and included into new 
blocks. All transactions in the Pending Pool have been verified and passed all checks except their own time-lock has 
not yet expired or some of the UTXOs that will be spent have time-lock restrictions that are not yet valid. Once the 
transactions time-lock or the time-locks on the UTXOs have expired then the Pending Pool transactions can be moved 
to the Transaction Pool for inclusion in future blocks.  

Functional behavior required of the Pending Pool:
- Once the transaction time-lock or UTXO time-lock restricting the processing of a transaction has expired then the 
pending transaction MUST be moved to the Transaction Pool.

> - Pending transactions that have matured past the discard threshold MUST be discarded and removed from the Pending Pool.

Reviewer: Only applicable for the reorg pool and maybe the orphan pool?

Author: Correct, item was removed
